CALL FOR PAPERS

2nd International Workshop on Search-Based Software Testing (SBST'09)
held in conjunction with International Conference on Software 
Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST 2009)

April 1, 2009, Denver, Colorado

http://iaser.tek.bth.se/feldt/conferences/sbst09/

Submission of papers: 9 January, 2009

Papers will be published as a proceedings in the IEEE digital 
library.  

There will be prizes for the best paper (100EUR), best student 
paper (1000EUR - One thousand Euros), and best presenter (100EUR).

Search-based software testing is the use of random or directed 
search techniques (hill climbing, genetic algorithms etc.) to 
address problems in the software testing and verification and 
validation domain. There has been an explosion of activity in the 
search-based software testing field of late, particularly on test 
data generation. Recent work has also focused on other aspects such 
as model-based testing, real-time testing, interaction testing, 
testing of service-oriented architectures, test case prioritization 
and generation of whole tests (not only test data).

Researchers and practitioners are invited to submit full papers (10 
pages) to the workshop, describing original research, experience or 
tools. We will also welcome extended abstracts (2 pages) with new 
results (that may not yet have empirical support), position papers or 
far-out ideas. Extended abstracts can also be written to describe 
testing problems for which we can find search-based solutions during 
the workshop. We will have a poster session where authors of extended 
abstracts get feedback, but we will also discuss relevant extended 
abstracts in the main session.

Papers should address a problem in the software testing and/or 
verification and validation domain and should approach the solution 
to the problem using a search strategy. Search-based techniques are 
taken to include (but are not limited to) random search, local search 
(i.e. hill climbing, simulated annealing etc.), evolutionary 
algorithms (i.e. genetic algorithms, evolution strategies, genetic 
programming), ant colony optimization and particle swarm 
optimization.

While experimental results are important for research papers, 
contributions that do not contain results, but rather present new 
approaches, concepts and/or theory will also be considered. The 
workshop will have a highly interactive format that encourages 
discussion about the presented papers and about general themes in 
search-based software testing.

General chair: Phil McMinn  (p.mcminn@dcs.shef.ac.uk)
Program chair: Robert Feldt (robert.feldt@bth.se)

Program committee:
  Thomas Arts, Quviq AB & IT University, Sweden
  André Baresel, Q-viTECH, Germany
  Leonardo Bottaci, University of Hull, UK
  Koen Claessen, Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden
  John Clark, University of York, UK
  Myra Cohen, University of Nebraska-Lincoln, USA
  Massimiliano Di Penta, University of Sannio, Italy
  Volker Gruhn, University of Leipzig, Germany
  Mark Harman, King's College, UK
  Gregory Kapfhammer, Allegheny College, USA
  Bogdan Korel, Illinois Institute of Technology, USA
  Yvan Labiche, Carleton University, Canada
  Paolo Tonella, Fondazione Bruno Kessler, Italy
  Javier Tuya, tuya@uniovi.es, Universidad de Oviedo, Spain
  Tanja Vos, Universidad Politecnica de Valencia, Spain
  Joachim Wegener, Berner & Mattner Systemtechnik GmbH, Germany

Important dates:
Submission of papers: Friday 9 January, 2009
Notification: Friday, 27 February, 2009
Camera-Ready: Friday, 20 March, 2009
Dates of Workshop: April 1, 2009

For SBST'09 submission guidelines and all additional up 
to date information, please visit 

http://iaser.tek.bth.se/feldt/conferences/sbst09

For ICST 2009 information, please visit

http://bitterroot.vancouver.wsu.edu/icst2009/
