3rd International Workshop on Search-Based Software Testing (SBST'10)
held in conjunction with International Conference on Software
Testing, Verification and Validation (ICST 2010)

April 6, 2010, Paris, France

http://www.cse.unl.edu/~myra/sbst2010/

Submission of papers: 9th February, 2010

Papers will be published as a proceedings in the IEEE digital
library.

Search-based software testing is the use of random or directed
search techniques (hill climbing, genetic algorithms etc.) to
address problems in the software testing and verification and
validation domain. There has been an explosion of activity in the
search-based software testing field of late, particularly on test
data generation. Recent work has also focused on other aspects such
as model-based testing, real-time testing, interaction testing,
testing of service-oriented architectures, test case prioritization,
bug fixing and generation of whole tests (not only test data).

Researchers and practitioners are invited to submit short (4 pages)
or full papers (10 pages) to the workshop, describing original research,
experience or tools.

Papers should address a problem in the software testing and/or
verification and validation domain and should approach the solution
to the problem using a search strategy. Search-based techniques are
taken to include (but are not limited to) random search, local search
(i.e. hill climbing, simulated annealing etc.), evolutionary
algorithms (i.e. genetic algorithms, evolution strategies, genetic
programming), ant colony optimization and particle swarm
optimization.

While experimental results are important for research papers,
contributions that do not contain results, but rather present new
approaches, concepts and/or theory will also be considered. The
workshop will have a highly interactive format that encourages
discussion about the presented papers and about general themes in
search-based software testing.

There will be prizes available for best papers; more information
on the workshop home page.

General chair: Robert Feldt (robert.feldt@gmail.com)
Program chair: Myra Cohen   (myra@cse.unl.edu)

Program committee: See home page

Important dates:
Submission of papers:	February 9th, 2010
Notification: 		March 5, 2010
Camera-Ready: 		March 19, 2010
Date of Workshop: 	April 6, 2009

For SBST'10 submission guidelines and all additional up
to date information, please visit

http://www.cse.unl.edu/~myra/sbst2010/

For ICST 2010 information, please visit

http://vps.it-sudparis.eu/icst2010/
